Yang Bin
Mr. Qin
I still have something to deal with. You go with Young Master Su
In less than five days
This place will become a brother
It's not just things that go wrong.
Many more will die
Don't talk about seeing the scenic spot then.
It's going to be a real no man's land.
Juyin Town
The Giant Evil Formation has been formed
If these things weren't for the night god
I cut my head off.
Is there any solution to that?
Didn't you invite Master Xu last time?
No no
These formations have already taken shape
Even if Master Xu comes over and forcibly breaks the formation
He was either dead or wounded.
So, what should we do?
Gee, I don't know now.
Now these foundations are all decayed
This means that the money Mr. Qin invested before
At that time, our Qin will always lose everything
Mr. Yan will also lose a lot
This hateful night minister
Don't talk nonsense, it has nothing to do with me